improve `steps-after-generations` doc (#36436)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/steps-after-generations.md

You may meet the CI failures after submitting the PR, so please refer to [Troubleshoot CI Failure](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/Troubleshoot-ci-failure.md) to fix it.

## Resolve conflicts for PR

> You may meet the merge conflicts of `pnpm-lock.yaml` file when merging the PR, so please try to follow these steps to resolve conflicts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latest changes to the main branch may introduce merge conflicts of `pnpm-lock.yaml` file to the PR, so please try to follow these steps to resolve conflicts:
```
